- [x] correct watch and code homework gist
- [x] Gas station tests 
- [x] Re run test suite
- [x] fix github vault issue 
	- [x] The issue is that all of my files are in the Windows environment. So my ssh and known_hosts from VSCode and PowerShell are trying to be in `C:\Users\Keith\.ssh`. But, I have my ssh keys and config in `/home/keith/.ssh`. Even when I remove the file from the `Users` dir, it gets rewritten. 
	- [x] I need to move everything around (the housekeeping I've been putting off), and just run Ubuntu on my local machine rather than Windows. Ask Georg what he thinks. 
	- [x] finally just added the reg ssh key rather than personal and works
- [ ] chage test db to h2 database or other https://www.baeldung.com/java-in-memory-databases
	- [x] for now, add tag "integration" and exclude from ci
	- [x] `@Tag("integration")`

```yml
test:
  stage: test
  tags:
    - linux
  script:
    - ./mvnw $MAVEN_CLI_OPTS test -DexcludedGroups="integration,buggy"
  artifacts:
    paths:
      - maptrip-server-api-specificati
```
- [ ] Add to server

- [ ] Add tests for new code
- [ ] Edit controller return statements for save and update 
- [ ] Start putting yaml through tool

Get server from Hetzner. 
vCPU AMD CPX11
servername: ih-fuelsaver-01
49.12.187.71

Run ubuntu on above server
[[Ansible]] to run server - automation tool for setting up new server 
	List of servers, plus **playbook** 
	Install updates after getting from Htzner. Fetch all latest packages. If reboot is needed, reboot. Set settings (hostname from linux server). Set correct timezone. Setup a firewall. 
	Next playbook to set up postgres etc. 
	Get from gitlab, compile to .jar, run on server. 
get a domain fuelsaver.maptrip.de
set load balancer to direct traffic 

Ended with getting SSH key on my linux 

set up server in hetzner
logged in through computer : ssh root@49.12.187.71 in an Ubuntu shell
ran ubuntu playbook [[ubuntu]] [[Steps to login to server and run playbook]]

https://gitlab.infoware.de/server/ansible/-/tree/main?ref_type=heads 
LiliBeth4ever
 `wsl` - takes me to linux 
https://gitlab.infoware.de/server/ansible/-/blob/main/playbooks/maptrip-storage.yml?ref_type=heads <- copy this to fuel-saver-api.yml in /playbooks
https://gitlab.infoware.de/server/ansible/-/blob/main/roles/runnable-jar-application/tasks/main.yml?ref_type=heads <- this is run before to set up the firewall. Edit for your application, esp the JDK version. Make a variable and set in your own app's playbook 

10/17 
- [ ] Not admin on this computer while in my C:\Users\Keith powershell terminal
	- `(New-Object Security.Principal.WindowsPrincipal([Security.Principal.WindowsIdentity]::GetCurrent())).IsInRole([Security.Principal.WindowsBuiltInRole]::Administrator)`
- [ ] Copy maptrip-storage.yml into fuel-saver-api.yml
- [ ] Edit roles/runnable to have variable for JDK. Set in in fuel-saver-api.yml

 ansible-inventory -i /mnt/c/Users/Keith/Documents/ansible/inventory/hosts.yml --graph