
- [x] Server api spec changes
	- to run, run as java application and get on local host 8080
- [ ] Finish week 5 homework 
- [ ] Anki 5 minutes
- [x] Cors issue
	- [x] check in CorsConfig class in server API. Just copy and remove /usage
	- [x] had to add @CrossOrigin annotation to each controller 
- [x] instant issue with json parsing in FuelStop entity object 
	- [x] Had to add a JacksonConfig globally in order to register the JavaTimeModule() with the ObjectMapper. #howto 
- [ ] Authorization 
	- [ ] Use a JWT token. Need to filter like in sever api security classes. 
	- [ ] Make a controller for both ways to authenticate: API key and username/password
	- [ ] If authenticated, user can access endpoints
Notes about authorization: 
SwaggerConfig tells swagger that bearer auth should be used. 
Each endpoint should have the annotation: security = {  
            @SecurityRequirement(name = "bearerAuth")  
        }
Need to add Spring Security as a dependency in POM
Look up a tutorial on Spring Security Config - the server api SecurityConfig is a good starting place, but different
Need: a dependency for spring security, a configuration, and a class which does the jwt validation
JWT will extract info. Look at the class `JWTTokenValidator` and the secret key in `maptripapi.properties`. The `JWTFilter` uses the servlet filter to say that before each request, this needs to happen. The `SecurityConfig` created the filter chain which tells what needs to happen. An important line is `http.sessionManagement().sessionCreationPolicy(SessionCreationPolicy.STATELESS);`

11/08
- [ ] add the notation for security to all controllers
- [ ] look into JWT filter for TODO items
- [ ] Start added tests 