- [x] ApiExceptionHandler 
	- [x] What to do with method `handleApi()`? It is type of `MapTripServerApiRequestException` but need to be `MapTripServerApiError` to use the `handleApiErrorResponse()`
	- [x] What to do with method `handleConstraintViolation()`? The `GeneralErrors.INVALID_PARAMETER` requires two variables - `parameter` & `violation`. 
- [ ] `UriConverterUtils` needs to lead to an html page with error - how can I set that up? 
- [x] On all specification pages, add a header to accept `application/json, application/problem+json`. Look at the route.yml and the provider spec to see examples and reuse in all endpoints
- [x] --header 'Accept: application/json, application/problem+json'

Issue with `MapTripsSeverApiRequestException`:
- in this class, we super the title from `MapTripServerApiError`. In some cases, that is fine, but in others, it has become a shortened message. We actually want the details in some cases. 
- In the `ApiExceptionHandler.handleApi()` the exception is being converted into a `MapTripServerApiError` using `ErrorUtils.getMapTripServerApiError`. 
- What I'd like to do is to use the details in the `MapTripServerApiRequestException`, but for some of the `MapTripServerApiErrors`, that would be null. I could possibly add another field to `MapTripServerApiRequestException` with the details. 
- add details field in excception and anywhere exception.getmessage() is used in tests, use details instead if 

## Tuesday: 
- [x] continue adding accept parameter to specs
	- [x] if it is a CSV, do CSV accept
	- [ ] **issue** when I added the extra parameter to the spec, any method from a service which overrides the method does not have this parameter. I could make a default and then check. Otherwise, see if I can make the required option false. 
	- [ ] *question for Georg* do we want to set the default as well as make it optional? 
- [ ] in all tests, if the `exception.getMessage()` is supposed to be a template, use `exception.getDetails()`
- [ ] Add error handling to the `UriConverterUtils` class 
	- [ ] add check if the input is empty or null
	- [ ] see what could be thrown from `StringBuilder`
- [ ] Add tests for empty string or null 
##### failing tests:
- [ ] `FollowMeServiceTest` -> `renameFolderShouldRenameTheFolderWhenParametersAreValid` failing with "An unknown error has occurred". Has tag "buggy".
- [ ] `GeocoderServiceTest` -> `geocodeAddressStringShouldReturnCityCenterWhenInputIsCityNameAndProviderIsOSM` failing with Berling. Has tag "buggy". `geocodeAddressStringShouldFindCorrectCityWhenCalledWithoutCountryAndProviderIsOSM` returning result of `0` rather than `1`. Has tag "buggy".
- [ ] `RoutingServiceTest` -> `getRouteReturnsRouteWithoutGermanHighwaysWhenAvoidTollIsTrue` route that does not avoid toll is much faster fails. Has tag "buggy".
##### Questions for Georg:
- With adding the new parameter for `Accept` in all specification files, I need to then update all services to have this as an optional parameter because the method in service will no longer override the generated content. I just want to confirm this before I make more changes.
	-  remove parameter for spec and try to edit body of request to default to `application/json, application/problem+json`
	- In `responses` on all endpoints, edited '200' response to have content set `application/problem+json` first and then it became the default
```yml
content: 
  application/problem+json: 
    schema: 
      type: string 
      nullable: true 
  application/json: 
    schema: 
      type: string 
      nullable: true
```
- The Accept parameter should be `required: false` and have no default? Or should we just add the default for the `application/json, application/problem+json` or CSV
- Weirdly the updates made some of the imports not work. Is this the normal behavior of Maven? 
- Later: failing tests that have tag "buggy" 

## Wednesday:
```yaml


```